"Well the jerk store called, they're running out of you!" -George Costanza
"Looking at cleavage is like looking at the sun. You don't stare at it. It's too risky. Ya get a sense of it and then you look away." -Jerry Seinfeld
"I need the secure package of jockeys. My boys need a house." -Cosmo Kramer
"You know the message you're sending out to the world with these sweatpants? You're telling the world, 'I give up. I can't compete in normal society. I'm miserable, so I might as well be comfortable'." - Jerry Seinfeld
"Yada, yada yada..." -Elaine Benes
"The sea was angry that day my friends, like an old man trying to send back soup in a deli." -George Costanza
"No soup for you!" -Soup Nazi
"Serenity now! Serenity now!" -Frank Costanza
"When you look annoyed all the time, people think that you're busy." -George Costanza
"But I don't want to be a pirate!" -Jerry Seinfeld
"You're killing independent George!" -George Costanza
"Did you know the original title for 'War and Peace' was 'War, What is it Good For'?" -Jerry Seinfeld
"I was in the pool! There was shrinkage!" -George Costanza
"Hello, Newman." - Jerry Seinfeld
"They're real... and they're spectacular!" -Sidra
"Who's gonna turn down a Junior Mint? It's chocolate, it's peppermint, it's delicious!" -Cosmo Kramer
"That's the true spirit of Christmas; people being helped by people other than me." - Jerry Seinfeld
"He took IT out." -Elaine Benes
"Jerry, just remember, it's not a lie if you believe it." -George Costanza
"Hoochie mama." -Cosmo Kramer
"She's one of those low-talkers. You can't hear a word she's saying! You're always going 'excuse me, what was that?'" -Jerry Seinfeld
"Maybe the dingos ate your baby!" -Elaine Benes
"A Festivus for the rest of us!" -Frank Costanza
"You very bad man, Jerry. Very bad man." -Babu
"Women don't respect salad eaters." -Jerry Seinfeld
"These pretzels are making me thirsty." -Cosmo Kramer
"Boy, a little too much chlorine in that gene pool." -Jerry Seinfeld
"I'm a quitter. It's one of the few things I do well. I come from a long line of quitters. My father was a quitter, my grandfather was a quitter...I was raised to give up." -George Costanza
"Not that there's anything wrong with that." -Jerry Seinfeld
"Just remember, when you control the mail, you control...information." -Newman
"I'm out there Jerry, and I'm LOVIN' ever minute of it!" -Cosmo Kramer
"I have a bad feeling that whenever a lesbian looks at me they think, 'That's why I'm not a heterosexual'." -George Costanza
"Are you master of your domain?" -Jerry Seinfeld
"You stole my Jesus fish!" -David Puddy
"Can you spare a square?" -Elaine Benes
"Am I crazy? Or am I just so sane I blew your mind?" -Cosmo Kramer
"This is gonna be my time. Time to taste the fruits and let the juices drip down my chin. I proclaim this: The Summer of George." -George Costanza
"That's God's plan. He doesn't really want anyone to get together." -Jerry Seinfeld
"I can't be blind, Jerry. The blind are courageous." -George Costanza
"Men don't care what's on TV. They only care what else is on TV." -Jerry Seinfeld
"That's right folks. I just had three shots of Hennigans and I don't smell." -Cosmo Kramer
"I feel like my old self again... Totally inadequate, completely insecure, paranoid, neurotic... It's a pleasure." -George Costanza
"You know, if it was a regular salad I wouldn't have said anything. But you had to have the BIG salad!" -George Costanza
"Why do I always have the feeling everybody's doing something better than me on Saturday afternoons?" -Jerry Seinfeld
"I'm much more comfortable criticizing people behind their backs." -George Costanza
"I'm not a lesbian. I hate men, but I'm not a lesbian." -Elaine Benes
"You can do better than me. You could throw a dart out the window and hit someone better than me. I'm no good!" -George Costanza
"Yes, yes of course. The Pensky file. Ho ho, can't wait to sink my teether into that. Wow that Pensky. Well we'll straighten him out." -George Costanza
"It's like a sauna in here." -Cosmo Kramer [in the sauna]
"I love a good nap. Sometimes, it's the only thing getting me out of bed in the morning." -George Costanza
"Is it my imagination, or do really good-looking women walk a lot faster than everybody else?" -George Costanza
"You know I always wanted to pretend I was an architect." -George Costanza
"I'm at the corner of 1st and 1st...How can the same street intersect with itself? I must be at the nexus of the universe!" -Cosmo Kramer
"The Cougar 9000. It's the Rolls Royce of wheelchairs. This is like...you're almost glad to be handicapped." -Wheelchair Salesman
"Black market shower heads. All made in the former Yugoslavia, and from what I hear the Serbs are fanatic about their showers." -Newman
"Who buys an umbrella anyway? You can get them for free at the coffee shop in those metal cans." -George Costanza
"I can't believe you did that. Why did you tell him I said hi? I never said hi. When did I say hi?" -Elaine Benes
"Oh no, I'm so sorry, it's the Moops." -George Costanza
"You know, I faked it." -Cosmo Kramer
"Jerry, it's Frank Costanza. Steinbrenner's here. George is dead. Call me back." -Frank Costanza
"Look at that, a lesbian sighting. They're so fascinating. Why is that? Because they don't want us. You gotta respect that." -George Costanza
"George this is a little too much for me. Escaped convicts, fugitive sex...I have a cock-fight to focus on." -Jerry Seinfeld
"I've driven women to lesbianism before, but never a mental institution." -George Costanza
"Well it all sounds pretty glamourous, but it's business as usual at Kramerica." -Cosmo Kramer
"Well it must be comforting to know you'll be going straight to hell at no more than three miles per hour." -Jerry Seinfeld
"Why did I tell her I like her? I have this sick compulsion to tell women how I feel." -George Costanza
"You know, if you take everything I've done in my entire life and condense it down into one day, it looks decent." -George Costanza
"I'm in the unfortunate position of having to consider other people's feelings." -Jerry Seinfeld
"Hey, you know what would make a great coffee table book? A coffee table book about coffee tables!" -Cosmo Kramer
"I haven't had a decent sandwich in thirteen years." -Cosmo Kramer
"Do you realize in the entire history of western civilization no one has successfully accomplished the roommate switch?" -George Costanza
"I don't get you. Who goes on vacation without a job? What, do you need a break from getting up at 11:00?" -Jerry Seinfeld
"Artistic integrity. Where did you come up with that? You're not artistic and you have no integrity." -Jerry Seinfeld
"I am never putting on another piece of clothing unless it's straight out of the dryer." -Cosmo Kramer
"Oh yeah, I've been known to drink a beer or two, but then again, I've been known to do a lot of things." -Cosmo Kramer