Kliksphilip, who would've thought that, apparently, my love's worst enemy had saved me. My brain was still trembling with what just had happened, to think that TopHATTwaffle had turned into such an evil creature, I just couldn't comprehend.
"You want to join me, you say?" - Asked Philip.
"I'll let you in, you shall be safe with us."
He held my hand and carried me to a hospital, the pain from my broken leg had finally kicked in, but something about the way Philip was carrying me made me feel...better, as if an angel had come down to save me, I felt safe. After a short period of time in the hospital, Philip said he had to leave.
"M'lady, Crash has already left for our mansion, I'm afraid I can't allow you to enter said mansion, but fear not for I shall still watch over you." - He said in a saddened tone.
"Wait!" - I cried.
"I know what you're thinking Philip, but I'm not Doug's slave, if you help me, I might be able to help you."
He looked at me with a smile, but I knew what he was feeling at that moment was not happiness, but pity. "What could this lady be thinking?" I'd probably be a burden to him anyway, so I turned my back against him and started walking away.
"Do you map?" - He asked as I walked away.
I turned my head towards him.
"I did map for Garry's Mod a bit." - I answered.
His cheerful smile had disappeared, I tried to talk to him but he just wouldn't move. Suddenly, he came to me and whispered in my ear:
"Garry's Mod, m'lady?"
"Were you really mapping for, GARRY'S MOD?" - This time he had shouted.
I tried to speak but I ended up choking on my own saliva, he argued that Garry's Mod was built in a really old version of Source Engine, and that it should never be touched again. Menacingly looking at me, he uttered the unexpected:
"I shall forgive you, considering you really know how to map, make the mansion your home."
He opened his arms to me, a kind and fatherly figure, I took a step forward and hugged him, once again, I felt safe. After patting my head and calling a taxi, we had finally made our way to the mansion, which he called Discord.
Upon the arrival in the Discord Mansion, I was greeted by a kind man named KlixX:
"Hello new member!" - He said cheerfully.
The mansion had a beautiful red carpet going through its entirety, with multiple chandeliers in the main hall emitting a glorious orange light, the dark stone walls were something off a medieval film, and the people in the mansion seemed to be kind, but then:
"I can't believe Philip let in a GARRY'S MOD MAPPER! Dreadful, DREADFUL!" - Complained a bloke in a tanooki suit.
"She's from the Source Engine Reddit Army, literally nothing but idiots on source related reddits." - Uttered a bloke in a white vest holding a gun.
I must admit I got really concerned if I were going to get well with these people, the disgust in their eyes were inhuman, my heart pounded harder and harder, but thankfully Philip then unexpectedly shouted:
"People from the Source Engine Discord Mansion, please hear my pledge!" - Everyone turned their attention to Philip.
"I know she mapped for Garry's Mod, but Ms. Jim is a very talented mapper!" - He shouted with passion on his voice.
"Preconception, is something I must not allow in this place, so please, allow me to show you that Ms. Jim is indeed a very talented woman! I shall take full responsibility on this!"
I shed a tear, no one had ever acknowledged me as Philip did, he looked at me and patted my head with a smile on his face, once again, I felt safe.