Silence. Once again the mansion had fallen into a deep silence, from the terror that we just had experienced. Tanooki's body had been pierced by a func_physbox twice, all hope was lost for him, but barely breathing he surprised the people in the mansion by still being alive. He cried for help, begging the Whale man to give him another chance, all Tanooki wanted at that time was a way to redeem himself.
"Tanooki...thou knowest very well why I did all of that..." - Whale proclaimed.
"M-Master Whale, I don't know w-what you're talking about!" - Tanooki gulped while trying to speak.
"TopHATTwaffle...thou hast been...working with him...hast thou not?"
Tanooki widened his eyes in despair, perhaps he was trying to figure out how the Whale man had discovered his secret. This drove him into madness, laughing and crying at the same time, he tried to convince the people in the mansion to believe him.
"Did you really betray us, Tanooki?" - Sobbed a bloke wearing sunglasses while holding a dog.
"I d-did not! You guys have to believe me!" - Tanooki yelled in desperation.
The Whale man stared at Tanooki in disappointment, his calm behaviour had now turned into a mad, angry attitude that scared everyone in the mansion. Before Whale could say anything I held onto his muscular biceps and whispered in his ears.
"Instead of killing him, we could use him at our will. Perhaps even figure out how to defeat Doug."
Whale looked at me and smiled, then looked at Tanooki again and his smile was gone. Tanooki closed his eyes as the Whale man approached him, screaming for help as he tried to get away from Whale to escape his inevitable death. The Whale man stood in front of him and commanded:
"Take this man to the nursing room...I want him...alive..."
"Tanooki I shall let thee live...if thou provest thy loyalty to me..."
Tanooki was even more surprised after Whale's unexpected mercy, which surprisingly made him cry while asking for my forgiveness. The Whale man then with a simple snap of his fingers made both func_physbox vanish before our eyes. It seems the mappers had developed the ability to project entities into the real world, explaining how he had summoned the func_physbox out of nowhere. I had never seen Doug do that, so maybe we already had an advantage over him. Two men then helped Tanooki to get up on his feet, leading him to the nursing room so he could get his wounds healed. Whale then looked at Philip and ordered:
"Philip...please show Ms. Jim one of our rooms...she's an Active Member now..."
"Whale, I'm afraid there are no rooms left...we could perh-" - Before Philip could finish his sentence I interrupted him.
"I could stay in your room, Philip. I swear I won't bother you..."
"WHAT? I can't believe I'll have a girl sleep with me." - Philip yelled then whispered to himself.
"I beg your pardon Philip, what did you say?" - I asked suspiciously.
"Nothing, nothing I was just thinking out loud, come with me I'll show you the room I'm not a creep."
Philip then proceeded by showing me not just the room we'd share, but the majority of the mansion. Whilst we were having some fun together in this little tour of his, I could only think about what just had happened, and by some reason, I couldn't stop thinking about Doug. The mansion had some quite interesting rooms, places where people would discuss a specific topic, though some people were often kicked out of a room because what they were talking about was "off-topic". There was a room specifically for off-topic conversation, but I could see why people weren't fond of it, generally speaking, it was an utter mess. In the middle of the tour one room in particular caught my eye, it was isolated from everything else, meaning it was probably meant to be kept away from the people visiting the mansion.
"Philip, what's that door up there?" - I asked curiously.
"I'm not supposed to- well, you're an Active Member now so I guess it's okay if I show you" - Said Philip.
I followed him through the many stairs the mansion had, the stairs we climbed were quite steep and unclipped, Philip said he had tried to clip these stairs but to no avail.
"Spiral staircases, what a nightmare." - He complained.
After some time we made our way to the door, from up the balcony we could see the entire main hall, the giant red carpet was now entirely visible and the chandeliers were now up close, it was delightful, but Philip then strangely put his hands on my shoulders and makes a quite worried face.
"What's wrong?" - I asked him.
He keeps the worried face and says he has to explain something before we enter the door.
"That door, it leads to the MapCore room, I'm not sure if it's okay to tell you this but well, that's where we keep the .vmf file for our next map, which will probably end up being added to CSGO in an operation, I trust you won't tell anyone this, so please, let us work together on this map."
Suddenly, footsteps could be heard from the staircase behind us, quickly climbing the stairs, they stood in front of us and stared at me. The man had a squid hat and curly brown hair, the blue shirt he was wearing meant he was one of the moderators of the mansion. He seemed quite angry at Philip for letting me, a stranger, get this far into the mansion.
"Hey you, the lady, who are you?" - Asked the Squid man, Squidski.