After years of serving TopHATTwaffle as a maid, I had fallen in love with him. I watched him closely every single day, and as a maid, cleaning his room was my duty, as well as washing his clothes and preparing food. His clothes had this sweet waffle scent, and he'd ask for waffles every single day, I couldn't help but make him the so needed waffles, but eventually it all came to a disaster. The pain and suffering he bore from eating waffles all day, all for the sake of becoming a human-sized waffle, was untold. I knew I had to do something, seeing my so loved one crying in desperation, 'twas a dreadful sight. Upon knocking on his door I heard what seemed to be one of his early 2009 Hammer Source SDK videos, followed by a quite aggressive shout from Doug himself. He cried for me, begging me to enter his room, and so I did. A dark feeling could be felt coming from him, frightened, pale and cold, I slowly approached him.
"I figured out." - he muttered.
"My...tutorials aren't good enough, I shall remake them in another series."
I took a step back, his obsession with Hammer was clearly out of control, and tolerating seeing him in that shape was something I couldn't do at that time. That smug waffle smile with those dead, waffle eyes, a stupid waffle top hat with an unbearable red waffle tie. I wanted my Doug back, my sweet sweet Doug Hoogland. I proceeded by slapping him on the face, telling him he wasn't the same, but that only made him mad at me. My arm was grabbed by his strong fat waffle hands, pushing me to the ground with enough force to break my left leg. Though it looked painful at first, I couldn't feel any pain, my only feelings at that moment were of love and pity for him. He stood up and took his massive 14 inch waffle cock out, stroking it slowly in a provocative manner in which I couldn't help but stare. At that moment, I had accepted my fate, to die in the hands of TopHATTwaffle, what an honour. I closed my eyes and begged him to kill me, but suddenly a distant British sounding voice is heard from outside.
"Weeeeeeeeeeeelcome..." - The mysterious British man shouted as he jumped through one of the windows.
"...to eat like me."
"Kliksphilip huh, I thought I killed you alongside your shitty Hammer tutorials" - Said Doug in a surprised tone, whilst still stroking his giant dick.
"TopHATTwaffle, look at what you've become, hitting on poor defenseless ladies like this one, what has become of you, Doug?" - Said Philip.
"Die." - Whispered Doug.
Doug tried to strike Philip with his now flopping dick, only to have it cut off by something unknown. Another man had come to save me, and that man's name is UEAKCrash. Whilst Doug screams in pain from the agony of having his dick cut off, Philip takes the decapitated waffle cock off the floor and takes a bite off of it.
"Are you both okay?" - Crash asked us.
"I'm afraid this lady's leg was broken, we should take her to a nearby hospital." - Answered Philip.
Suddenly, Doug rises up from the floor like a true gamer and yells menacingly:
"You haven't won yet, I shall be back."
He disappeared before our eyes, my face turned even paler and I almost had a stroke. By that time I knew I had no choice but to ally myself to Kliks.
"M'lady, are you okay? I don't think we have met?" - asked Philip.
"I'm okay, my name is JimWood, please take care of me, now that Doug is gone, I don't think I have a will to live anymore."