The people from the Source Engine Mansion were perplexed with Philip's speech, the way their lips were moving, their unsettling eyes, they all showed disgust towards me. The Mansion now as quiet as a map without soundscape, was lair of hate, disgust and uncertainty, to whether I was really worthy of being there. No words were coming out of Philip's mouth, completely speechless, he looked at me, this time instead of feeling safe, I was utterly scared and so was Philip.
"Philip..." - Said a silhouette against one of the Windows.
"How dare thou interferest my modelling section...thou knowest I model at this time...dost thou not...Philip...?"
Their voice was calm and breathy, but their intentions seemed vulgar. Philip told me to step back and hold onto his back, and so I did.
"Why now...thou dost not have to be afraid...Jim..." - Said the silhouette.
"How do you know my name? I don't even know you!" - I yelled.
"I know...many things thee does not..."
"Tell me...my child...dost thou model...?" - The silhouette asked.
"I don-" - I tried to say I did not, but the silhouette abruptly interrupted me.
"Of course thou dost not...thou art a GMOD mapper after all..."
The people in the mansion started laughing like there was no tomorrow. They were now mocking me, saying I should bugger off the mansion as soon as possible, and that Philip should go with me if he so believes in my "potential".
"Now...now...please calm down...people of the Source Engine Discord..." - The silhouette was trying to get their attention back.
"Jim...to come here without expectations...thou art quite determined..."
"I just want to sa-" - I tried to speak, but they interrupted me once again.
"Thou hast seen him...Doug...truly interesting..."
The people in the mansion were now speechless, how come a weak woman like me have faced Doug?
"WHAT?" - Yelled the tanooki suit bloke.
"I wouldn't doubt our master, Tanooki, the users on sdkhammer are probably smarter on average, she could've made her way out Doug's lair" - Said a bloke eating an extra cheesy pie.
"BUT THAT'S IMPOSSIBLE! HER? THERE'S NO POSSIBLE WAY SHE FACED DOUG AND LIVED!" - Shouted Tanooki Suit.
"Insolence! I can see right through her outputs and inputs! She has seen Doug!" - This was the first time the silhouette had shouted.
"But master..." - Said Tanooki Suit.
The silhouette raised his arm, holding what seemed to be a spear, and with a quick movement the spear was thrown at Tanooki Suit. After it hit Tanooki suit's face, we could see that it wasn't a regular spear, but a dev textured 1x1x16 func_physbox. The pain, he really didn't deserve it, to think that he had only asked a question, it truly showed how merciless the person behind the silhouette was. I rushed to tanooki, without really knowing why, but I felt like I had to help him, it was partly my fault he got hit in the first place. When I finally got closer to him he stood up and hit me in the face.
"You bitch!" - He screamed at me.
I fell to the ground, with both my nose and my mouth bleed out, my mind couldn't think of anything but "why?" The silhouette looked down at me, then started slowly walking towards tanooki. Upon leaving the shadows, I could finally see their face and body.
"A...a...whale...?" - I said quite surprised.
Without even bothering with me, he just continued walking towards Tanooki. Demonstrating no hesitation, he inserted another func_physbox inside Tanooki, this time in his chest. I had never seen such terror in my life, just seeing his beautiful strong whale body made me feel in danger, as if I was going to die by his hands at any moment. He turned his back to tanooki and started walking towards me this time, slowly, he made his way to me.
"Jim...look at me..." - Said the Whale man.
Extending his hand, he was offering help. I held onto his hand and let him pull me, his body was so warm and he was covered with muscles everywhere.
"Thou helped tanooki even though he rejected thee since your first encounter..."
"Thy heart is the most pure of us all...that is quite an important aspect of being a good mapper..."
"Though it is clear that thee...has much to learn...Jim"
"I shall teach thee...my child..."
"...and shall thee become the greatest mapper the world has ever known."