"Who is she? Have you not heard Whale? She's our newest Active Member, why are you so worked up all of sudden, Squidski?" - Argued Philip.
"I was busy helping a visitor with their map, so I couldn't have known, but still, I refuse to believe she's an Active Member, where's her yellow uniform?" - Countered Squidski.
Avoiding eye contact Philip tries to come up with something, he thinks for a few seconds then rapidly looks up at Squidski and says:
"Ms. Jim just got here in the mansion, so we didn't have time to get her the Active Member uniform. If you are feeling uncertain, go ask Whale."
"If she just got here how in the heck is she an Active Member? Has she done anything good to our community? She could even be one of Doug's spies! Philip I'm starting to doubt your loyalty to Whale." - Pretentiously said Squidski.
Squidski points his finger at me and tells Philip that even if I were an Active Member, entering the MapCore room was still not allowed, and that not even him, a Moderator had ever entered the room. Apparently only Admins could enter said room, Philip clearly knew that as he was an Admin himself, but for some reason he still took me up there. After a quick discussion between the two, Squidski grabs my arm and tells me to follow him. Philip had given up on trying to convince Squidski I was "worthy" of entering the MapCore room, so he let it be. As we climbed down the unclipped spiral staircase Squidski pushes me onto the wall really harshly and gets his face closer to mine. Blushing really hard I was sure he'd kiss me, but instead he enthusiastically laughs and then whispers:
"We did it, I've been trying this for months but you did it first time!"
"Did what? Also stop pushing me!" - I whispered back as I tried to loosen myself from him.
"I'm sorry it's just...we finally got access to the MapCore room, could it be because you're a girl? Philip surely is a virgin."
"WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?"
I lost myself, as he pushed me harder and harder I was able to punch him in the face. He held against the wall and looked angrily at me, I was still quite confused as to what was happening, but smiling he then mutters:
"What was that for? We should be celebrating TopHATTwaffle's victory over Whale!"
I was perplexed, could it be that Squidski is one of Doug's spies? At that moment I felt like I needed to run, but fear had left me completely frozen.
"What do you mean...?" - I asked with grim on my face.
"Are you braindead? Now that we have access to the MapCore room we can finally steal the holy vmf and take it to Doug. I know you're one of us because of your smell, Doug's sweet waffle scent is truly recognisable."
Doug. It was exhausting hearing that name, every time I heard it now I felt like dying. Though I did serve Doug as I maid, never once had I heard of his other servants. This was new to me, to think that people still follow that, thing, it disgusted me. After a brief moment of me thinking about Doug, I started crying and tried to run up the stairs.
"Where are you going? Could it be...YOU'RE BETRAYING US?" - Squidski yelled.
I ran as fast as I could, but Squidski didn't hold back. It suddenly started raining and water bursted through the windows, I kept running up the stairs, trying to figure out what was happening.
'Did Squidski just control the rain? If so, how?' - I kept thinking to myself.
Regardless I couldn't stop running because Philip was my only chance of staying alive at this point
"Oh? You're running to Philip? Do you really think he stands a chance against my func_precipitation? He's so miserable he doesn't even have an entity!" - He laughed.
As I climbed the last step Squidski managed to hit my leg with a quick jet of water, Philip was still up there, now confusingly looking at me he asks:
"W-What happened, are you okay?"
"It's Squidski, he's one of Doug's servants" - I say as I try to get up.
Staring at me, he starts to think what he'd do. How would he defeat Squidski? And more importantly, had these months spent with Squidski only been a sea of lies and deceitfulness? Philip then quickly takes a walkie-talkie out of his pocket and command all Active Members to join him at the MapCore door. Squidski finally gets to the balcony, now standing behind me with his right foot pressing my head against the floor.
"You're such a coward, Philip. I'll kill you before they even get here."
"Try me..." - Said Philip as he turned his back to Squidski.
It was known that Philip couldn't control any entity, so what could he possibly do at a time like this? Squidski then rapidly broke another window so he'd have better control of the func_precipitation outside, and quickly moving his arms he created a jet of water so sharp it looked like a blade. Philip stood still, and when the blade of water was about to hit him a giant wall of wind broke the water flow. Philip then by only moving two fingers created a wind explosion that shot Squidski onto the wall with enough force to break the stone bricks.
"What the...stop playing dirty tricks Philip...gods what was that?" - Squidski started bleeding from the explosion.
"There's one thing you should know, Squidski. You never reveal your entities to other people unless you truly trust them!"
"But our times together...did you not trust me...Philip?"
"Not even Whale knows about it." - Whispers Philip.
Now moving both of his hands Philip creates a small tornado and places it outside the window. The tornado was incredibly strong and it was spinning extremely fast, its force was so strong that it sucked Squidski out of the castle, leading him to the fall of his death. Philip then ran to the window so he could see if Squidski was still somehow alive, but his body wasn't moving. He sighed and then helped me to get up, though my leg had been pierced by Squidski's blade and it hurt quite a lot, I could only think of Philip's unknown entity.
"H-How did you do that?"
"That's my entity, I'm able to control the env_wind entity, but I kept it a secret from everyone else. Now that you've seen it, I'll trust you to keep it a secret."
Philip explained that each mapper has an entity assigned to them, but that it usually takes years of mapping for the entities to manifest. I begged him to explain me the details of how entities work, but he said that wasn't the right time. The door from one of the rooms within the balcony then bursted, the Active Members had finally arrived, though not all of them.
"Squinky, Cat of War, Slimek, thank you for coming." - Said Philip while heavy breathing.
"For the love of the SDK, what happened here? Philip you have a girl with you?" - Slimek asked with a smug face.
"It's Squidski...he seems to have connections with Doug, he somehow managed to fall through the window when using his entity to attack me, please recover his body."
Cat of War kneed and started sobbing, was Squidski really one of Doug's servant? Squidski and him had been good friends from even before he joined the mansion, this was shocking for him. Cat couldn't believe it, so he ran desperately to the window to see Squidski's body.
"Philip, you said Squidski fell through the window right? Well...where's his body?"